['The SLA019 is a hulk submariner contender lmao', 'Giant ugly, childish watches. Perhaps they will grow up and make watches for adults one day', '🐢blue', 'Hmm...why are the watches not runing ?!', "I remainig disgusting for the carure's plastic support in the Seiko Automatic movement..! \nIt will be all SS steel no plastic...", "What YouTube's forget when doing product reviews is pricing", 'nothing special', 'A 44 diver? Are they celebrating breitling?', "Astron SSE167 (20 Bar) is stunning, why there's no review about this watch?", "seiko is seiko.\nthey won' t be able to get out off the cheap watch reputation for good.", 'What about a non glare crystal foor all those watches? ;-)', 'SEIKO, what the hell do you label the Marinemaster anymore, are these just limited now?', 'Of these how many of them are Japan made??', 'lets ruin all the watches with a stupid tattoo on the wrist', 'open balance wheel resembles orients... of 10 yrs prior)...', 'Any idea when the new Astrons will be released in Australia? Thanks.', "Sadly no SJE073 with the new thinner and more reliable 6L movement than the 6R. Didn't they showcase it at Baselworld?", "It's rather annoying how all the watches aren't operating.", 'All too big and bulky. Come on seiko, bring back some style.', "Why didn't some of their second hands move?", 'which  ones are spring drive', "Why do people fuck around in the weeds with Japanese shit.If you love watches buy Swiss.If you can't afford quality watches, get a better paid  job.", 'Meanwhile all of us small-wristed gentlemen are agonizing over these giant sized watches', 'I\'m a simple kinda guy. I hear the phrase "limited edition", I leave...', 'магазин часов SEIKO http://fas.st/c8nDb', "Why can't I find some of these watches online?", 'Why all the watches stop at 10:09:42 ?', 'You talking about corpse party?', "Seiko is a poor man's brand. Sorry.", "Why isn't the second hand moving? And please tell me they all come with hand winding haha", 'Some nice stuff there. Weird that none of them had a running movement', 'The SKX needs an update', "These fuckin watches don't even work", 'expensive though...', 'Am I the only one who tinks the new Premier looks super cheap?', 'I have seiko watch but date not working', 'Its great made of pride', 'Seiko high-end watches tend to look better in pictures and videos than in real life, and are also much, much smaller when in your hands.', 'Whats not to like? \nBlue dial prosfake looks like james cameron SD\nGreen dial modified version of hulk\nOthers looks like paking gshocks! \nPrice? Forget about it its shyttah! \nPakMeDeyd!', 'I feel a bit betrayed by Seiko this year...  Hamilton and Tissot seem to be best value now.', 'I like the Astron, the green diver, and the retro diver (although a bit too thick).', 'Why has Seiko chosen to make all its well-designed, reasonably-sized new watches limited edition and so expensive? All the new regular-edition watches are oversized and goofy-looking.', 'last year was so much better lol.', 'I understand the rant perfectly, what adds more perplexity is how they can offer the same movement in lower priced  / non "labeled" models and then put it in a presage or prosepex and charge  X times more.  It\'s the same movement.... I get there is a case cost/bracelet cost difference but the movement should be where the difference is.', 'From what I’ve seen so far it’s a disappointing year for new Seiko releases imo - non of them impress visually apart from possibly the turtle. What about some more dress watches? Also what’s with the huge hike in prices? Thousands of $ on a dive watch that isn’t visually appealing? no thanks. Seiko - you can do better', 'The 9868 commemorative limited edition Automatic Diver appears to be a retool of Seiko’s iconic Marine Master 300m (SBDX001 & SBDX017). Am I right in thinking that the only new things about it are the ceramic bezel and possibly a sapphire crystal?', 'Love em all. Way to shake it up Seiko.', '@2:59 Love the closeup of the back of that SLA025 diver', 'No new alpinist, oh well at this rate they could just as well done a $10k limited edition with a fucking 6r. I like how the 6r has by only the magic of marketing suddenly become rarefied. Seiko\'s quality has plummeted as of late and the marketing men have taken over the pricing, what a damn shame. I just wish Citizen made more decent looking & mech pieces, I\'m kind of done with the new and "improved" Seiko.', "Wow you have large wrists, I wish I had those, I wouldn't care how big watches arw", 'theres only 2 seikos worth having SKX007/9', 'Ugly, the first watch looks like a $5 Winner skeleton on Amazon fr China.', 'phantastic content\nvery professional and without trying to be anything weird', '5,500 for the SLA025? Fuck you Seiko.', 'Is anyone ever gonna pose the question to Seiko during one of these events when they release such a ‘Save the Ocean’ themed timepieces what their stance is on Japanese whaling?', 'All watches are not going )))', 'Alpinist color on SLA019. Why no new Alpinist? Why Seiko?', 'smudge 2:53', 'No new Alpinist?', 'How about a 40mm diver for us humans?', 'Is it just me or do they look too thick?', 'Seiko is for Walmart people', 'Narrator chap:go blow your nose,you sound like you are battling bird flu and AIDS,you camp knob.', "Outsize, gaudy, limited editions..... Looks like they're going after Invicta's market. And I don't mean that in a good way.", 'In the first place, I think seiko isn’t fit at all in the Baselworld as it’s not Swiss made', "Seems you got shipped faulty items as most don't look like they work...", 'That intro is total self suck', 'The new Astron is looking great!', 'Extremely disappointing that Seiko is now trying to push these completely overdone “Prospex” models. The SARBs were their best offerings and they’ve clearly abandoned their position as affordable quality to try and rebrand and boost profits with uglier and uglier divers.', 'anyone knows where can i get this turtle?', 'automatic chrono already. tbh i dont like the case design of turtles. not impressed with any of them, what about that seiko flight master that has been discontinued??', 'Too bad 50% of the footage is all eye blinding reflections..', 'I love them', 'All those with that silly looking X on the dial look childish. If only they made those limited unlimited...they look great. Seems like Seiko really hates money.', 'Ugly watches, they should have just shown replacement versions of the Alpinist and the Sarb033. The only decent watch from the line up is the Grand Seiko white dial', 'Unbelivable: another misaligned inner ring on this Turtle!', 'I really think that Seiko beats most of all other Baselworld competitors due to the stunning versatility in their portfolio. They make such great watches in every category and push the innovation every year! Just the dials are absolutely stunners even on the more affordable pieces.', "When they get rid of the shity X on the face i'll buy one ..not untill", 'Is it me or does the modern reinterpretation of the MM300/6159 look like the lovechild of the MM300 and the Shogun.', 'Why hide your sub count?', 'I think you missed one of the best Seiko release in the basel. SJE073J1 that is thinner than 10 mm and have new 4Hz 6L35 movement', 'Eh..not really impressed with any of them. Was expecting way more since they discontinued the sarb and alpinist.', 'whats with seiko and all these limited editons...', "OK year for Seiko... they've had much stronger releases in the past", 'Nice video and nice watches. Wonder how expensive this new limited editions are. Any inside yet T&T?', 'Love the videos guys - always from the beginning. Not loving the cheesy intro voice over - happy to do it for you free :)', 'Nice watches but rub that texta off your wrist.', 'prospex logo, ugly.... No Alpinist successor.... discontinued the Sarb line and replacing with 4rxx powered variants at the same if not similar prices... discontinuing some Seiko turtles like SRP777, replaced with the pricier gray sunburst dials.... Seiko have been doing some annoying moves lately myself and many collectors over at WUS feel the same. Any watch is having a Prospex logo slapped on the dial and crown, or gorgeous cursive automatic font replaced with blocky automatic text or presage...', "Wow...that blue turtle is ridiculously nice!  And I don't even like turtles!", 'I like the Astron and the last one (Green bezel/dial)', 'Pro-specks? As in professional specification?', 'Check out the McManus Amphibia automatic dive watch on Kickstarter:\nhttps://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1919328871/mcmanus-amphibia-automatic-dive-watch-made-in-irel?ref=user_menu']